Where are you?
Mommy, don't scare me, look
How is he?
Mr. Guo, don't worry.
After rescue
Miss Jiang is out of danger
But say
But due to severe brain trauma
He might not wake up
Mr. Gu, we have tried our best.
cub
You must be fine
Me and Doudou
I have to celebrate your birthday, mommy.
You wake up
OK?
How did it go?
You can't do this well, you trash
But I knocked him into a vegetable.
I'm afraid I won't wake up for the rest of my life
If he is alive, I will not get Gu Zhengting's heart.
I can't be the young lady of the Gu family
Nothing you think about
I have to figure out a way to divide them
Mommy, wake up!
Duoduo misses you so much
Cancan
This is the birthday cake we prepared for you.
Open your eyes and take a look